Module Pollenisator.core.plugins.CME
====================================
A plugin to parse a CrackMapExex scan

Functions
---------

    
`editScopeIPs(hostsInfos)`
:   Add all the ips and theirs ports found after parsing the file to the scope object in database.
    Args:
        hostsInfos: the dictionnary with ips as keys and a list of dictionnary containing ports informations as value.

    
`getInfos(cme_file)`
:   Read the given cme output file results and return a dictionnary with ips and a list of their open ports and infos.
            Args:
                cme_file:  the path to the .txt file generated by an cme.
            Returns:
            A tupe with 3 values:
                0. A List with dictionnaries inside.
                     Each dictionnary holds : "ip":str, "port":str, "hostname":str, "notes":str, "powned":bool
                1. a count of Powned found
                2. additional notes
    
        File example:
    
    POWNED EXEMPLE:
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34mCME\x1b[0m          10.10.10.254:445 HAGRID          \x1b[1m\x1b[34m[*]\x1b[0m Windows 6.3 Build 9600 (name:HAGRID) (domain:POUDLARD)
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34mCME\x1b[0m          10.10.10.254:445 HAGRID          \x1b[1m\x1b[32m[+]\x1b[0m POUDLARD\Administrateur:Algo_LAB_2012* \x1b[1m\x1b[33m(Pwn3d!)\x1b[0m
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34m[*]\x1b[0m KTHXBYE!
    
    NOT POWNED:
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34mCME\x1b[0m          10.10.10.11:445 DOBBY-PC        \x1b[1m\x1b[34m[*]\x1b[0m Windows 6.1 Build 0 (name:DOBBY-PC) (domain:POUDLARD)
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34mCME\x1b[0m          10.10.10.254:445 HAGRID          \x1b[1m\x1b[34m[*]\x1b[0m Windows 6.3 Build 9600 (name:HAGRID) (domain:POUDLARD)
    \x1b[1m\x1b[34m[*]\x1b[0m KTHXBYE!
    
    CONNECTED
    ^[[1m^[[34mCME^[[0m          10.0.0.86:445 ALGOSECURE-VM   ^[[1m^[[34m[*]^[[0m Windows 10.0 Build 18362 (name:ALGOSECURE-VM) (domain:ALGOSECURE-VM)
    ^[[1m^[[34mCME^[[0m          10.0.0.86:445 ALGOSECURE-VM   ^[[1m^[[32m[+]^[[0m ALGOSECURE-VM\algosecure:Alg123!*

Classes
-------

`CME()`
:   Inherits Plugin
    A plugin to parse a crackmapexec scan

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * core.plugins.plugin.Plugin

    ### Methods

    `Parse(self, file_opened, **_kwargs)`
    :   Parse a opened file to extract information
        
        Args:
            file_opened: the open file
            _kwargs: not used
        Returns:
            a tuple with 4 values (All set to None if Parsing wrong file): 
                0. notes: notes to be inserted in tool giving direct info to pentester
                1. tags: a list of tags to be added to tool 
                2. lvl: the level of the command executed to assign to given targets
                3. targets: a list of composed keys allowing retrieve/insert from/into database targerted objects.

    `checkReturnCode(self, returncode)`
    :   Check if the command was executed successfully using the final exit code.
        Args:
            returncode: the exit code of the command executed.
        Returns:
            bool: True if successful returncode, False otherwise.

    `getFileOutputArg(self)`
    :   Returns the command line paramater giving the output file
        Returns:
            string

    `getFileOutputExt(self)`
    :   Returns the expected file extension for this command result file
        Returns:
            string

    `getFileOutputPath(self, commandExecuted)`
    :   Returns the output file path given in the executed command using getFileOutputArg
        Args:
            commandExecuted: the command that was executed with an output file inside.
        Returns:
            string: the path to file created